What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
An invented long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.

According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
Returns the pointer to a structure containing the statistics regarding the resource usage of your program which include the memory and time used by the program

Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
16 members

Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
Calculate takes in 2 pointers to rusage structs as arguments. It can be used multiple times when checking the before and after running time of all 4 processes

Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
Iterate through the characters in the word, if they are all alphabetical or the character is an apostrophe and the word is already being formed, add that character into the character array named word
If the number of characters in the word is above the maximum of constant LENGTH, continue iterating to the end without adding to the word and reset the index
If the character is a number, iterate through the rest of the alphanumeric characters until the end and reset the index
If the next character is no longer an alphabet and the index is non-zero, that means a word is found. Signify the end of the word with a \0
Increment the number of words found in the 'words' variable
While tracking the time it takes, if check returns false for the word, the boolean value of misspelled will be true
Check time taken
If misspelled is true, print the misspelled word and increment the misspelled word count by 1
Prepare for the next word

Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
fget moves the pointer while fscanf does not. Fgetc iterate through the characters to make sure a proper word is gotten while fscanf does not do the character checking but only reads to the white space.

Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
Pointers for the word and dictionary will not be changed and will always be pointed to the start of the the character array